# Statistical Analysis for a Chatbot
1. Background 

  Nowadays, high blood pressure has been very common among elderlies. According to WHO, an estimated 1.28 billion adults aged 30-79 years worldwide are experiencing hypertension especially those living in low- and middle-income countries. 
  In United Stated, nearly half of adults have hypertension(48.1%, 119.9 million) from Centers for Diease Control and Prevention. 

  Those statistics tell us that hypertension is very prevalant worldwide. The model is for telling audiences about the general information such as what is hypertension and what I can do after I am dignosed with hypertension. The interactive 
  and human-like chatbot can provide users with comfortable and caring environment of getting the information about hypertension.


2. Introduction

  The project is divided into two parts, the chat bot and the model.

  The chatbot is a generative model. All the sources are based on the public website about hypertension online. The model is supposed to score the similarity between the questions asked by the users and sentences and then choose the 
  sentences with the sentences of highest similarity scores. 
  
  The statistical analysis is to firstly find the similarity score between the answers provided by doctors and answers generated by the chatbot and then visualize the results to reach the statistical conclusion.

  The chatbot is gained from a `YouTube video`[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KZwRBg4-P0&list=PL5eb-nnjclfTjxHXrUeTD1roACSmnC4CM] and the statistical analysis is original.
